hey everybody is Vicki I'm going to show
you a hair tutorial so what I'm doing is
I'm just brushing out and I just do this
earlier what you need is a hair
straightener a hairbrush and about 56
hair pins this and one big one like this
um you get these anywhere what you start
out is you start out with your if you
head this is for Pete for cheerleading
mostly because that's how I that's what
I I'm going to go to so this for short
hair and for people who have fangs
so after you straight I'm going to
straighten it and I'm gonna Street out
the rest the kinks straighten up heats
basically it doesn't have to be um all
the way straight in the back but in the
front it has to be straight but you have
to get it basically how you want it to
be if you want it all straight you can
get it all right her hair is too short
they just leave it be I got my mine
was cut up to here and out to grow out a
lot so sorry if I'm not looking at the
camera I'm looking in the mirror so I
don't burn myself
alright so um what you what you hear if
you have if you have straight hair you
don't have to do this but if you have
curly hair like me that's what you do so
once I did that and I got it all
straightened out to do is you get a coma
like this and you do a basically a
triangle well you can get a curve to do
a lot I do mind call our triangle it
just depends try to get the same on
either side and just you like that okay
you keep that in front you can you
cannot put a hair band in it like that
keep it up like that now with your other
bobby pins you stick one on either side
of your hair so when you're cheerleading
are doing the on your cheerleading um
you can just do that sorry do the rest
of my hair you just do it too is flat
basically and it won't go anywhere
I think that's pretty good now with this
part of the hair uh oh i'm sorry and you
also need some hair spray this is a co
white ring it's just a dollar here
spring it's works really good what are
you you go like this do is go like this
turn it over or bump so it's it's like a
book I call her but McDonough bump
because I thought because I saw her
before with a book like this so I just
called it the dog Madonna but if it
doesn't go in on warrants you can do it
again and again to get it you want it
secure but if you're just doing this on
a day we don't have cheering practice
you don't have to care for it but if
you're happening cheerleading practice
you need to spray our in games or
anything like that just let out the rest
of your hair
brush it down
put your back and I have one pen left
over you can have as many pins you want
and I'm just going to fix this back here
hey so there's a hairstyle what you want
to keep is this bump up so it doesn't go
in your face but i use i get this hair
spray it
looks like my just broke there goes I
just hairspray it a hair sprayed up mine
chillin starts on it 8 august the 13
through 17 so i'm just going to do some
i'ma try somewhere out oh and if you
like this rate rate at subscribe please
some up do anything can i really want
you to subscribe I'll do more makeup
tutorials I just did my makeup right now
is that you tore at it earlier um so if
you like this like it comin up um
alright well I guess I'll see you later
oh and thank you all for watching this
video right by these